# ufaes.github.io

This stores the code and content for our club website! Eventually, a non-technical guide will be written for how to contribute content to the site, but for now it is still under heavy development.

## Dev Guide

This is a SvelteKit project using Svelte 5, the most recent version as of time of writing. To make the ui easier to develop for, this also uses TailwindCSS and the DaisyUI library.

Currently, it is configured to be published as a static site and uses the static SvelteKit adapter. What that means is that when a push is made to the main branch, our "Deploy" github action will fire and regenerate the site and deploy it to ufaes.github.io. As far as I'm aware our org should have plenty of CPU hours for the purposes of site regeneration, but most development should happen out of `main` as it is trivial to test changes to the site locally.

Read below for tips automatically generated by the project setup.

# sv (automatically generated documentation)

Everything you need to build a Svelte project, powered by [`sv`](https://github.com/sveltejs/cli).

## Creating a project

If you're seeing this, you've probably already done this step. Congrats!

```bash
# create a new project in the current directory
npx sv create

# create a new project in my-app
npx sv create my-app
```

## Developing

Once you've created a project and installed dependencies with `npm install` (or `pnpm install` or `yarn`), start a development server:

```bash
npm run dev

# or start the server and open the app in a new browser tab
npm run dev -- --open
```

## Building

To create a production version of your app:

```bash
npm run build
```

You can preview the production build with `npm run preview`.

> To deploy your app, you may need to install an [adapter](https://svelte.dev/docs/kit/adapters) for your target environment.
